Hear what is up guys and welcome back so now in this video we will be working over the database.
OK I'm going to show you how can you just import the database from your ph be my admin and then exported
here.
So what you have to do you have to just enter the BMI admin.
OK.
And then here you can see it full open here.
So once this is opened you have to just basically come here to the WP.
This is the database that we created.
We didn't add anything here but you can see this is automatically added.
What you have to do you have to just click export.
OK.
And on clicking a sport it is just going to open up a thing here and here which you have to do.
You don't have to do anything here you just have to hit go.
So this is going to export everything.
Let's wait till this is done.
And here is the blue dot as Cuil.
Now what you have to do you have to just go to your see Battle of your website and then you have to
go to my school databases so you have to basically create a new database and then you have to work with
it.
OK.
And we will also create a user here a guy so you guys can understand it much easier.
You have to create a new database so my database is going to be tansy on this core.
And this has to be like W.P. OK.
WP migrate so this is my basically my database name.
OK.
WP migrate or just the blue PM the WP is my new database name which is like this and this WP.
This is my host gator username OK.
I'm just going to go in and I'm going to create a database and this database is going to be created.
Now here I'm going to go back.
I'm sorry.
OK.
You can see that here I am.
And now we have to assign a user here so you can see that this is a database that has been created.
You must be seeing this only video.
This only section.
And now here I have to assign the user here.
So I'm just going to go with I basically want to create a new user and that is going to be like WBM
dialup.
P. m. OK.
And then I have to go ahead and create a password.
So I basically have to use the password generator.
So it's generated password.
I have copied this password in a safe place.
I'm going to copy all this and I'm going to paste it right here.
OK.
And this is basically my database password so you have to keep it safe.
You just have to enter it and then you can forget it.
Guys it doesn't matter.
OK and then you have to use password.
So this is right here.
Now here I have to just click create user.
OK so on just clicking to create user this user will be created.
You can see it says you have successfully created a user.
I'm just going to go with and I'm going to go back.
OK.
And you can see that the user has been created and it should be here.
These are the users that are coming you can change your password you can rename them any here
but in here it says I'm a privileged user.
We haven't added any user to this database so we have to just come here and add a user to database.
I'm going to select the user that we have created.
So this should be the user.
And this is the database that I want to assign.
So this will be the user of the database.
OK I have to just like add and this will be added here.
I'm going to select all privileges and I'm going to hit make changes.
So now you guys are going to see that this user vill be assigned to that database solist.
Let me show you.
If I just come here you can see a certain Z and the school W.P. them.
And this is the privileged user what I have to do right now I just have to
go back and I have to basically plug this control panel home so I can see that we have created a database
we have assigned a user and now we have to log into the HP my admin so you can just open this up in
a new type.
And let's open up my Escuela database here as well because we need to copy some stuff.
OK so now here you can see that ph be my admin is right here.
What I have to do I have to open this up and here you must see this a user database that you have created.
Now you have to hit import and on clicking import you can see it is right here you just have to drag
the file that you have just upload it and you have to drop it so you can see this is being uploaded.
And once this is uploaded and you have to just come here then and you have to refresh it.
So let's just click here and you can see that all the database files are here.
And now what we have to do is that we have to basically just work with the file manager.
So I'm just going to go to the file manager.
OK.
And here you should see W.P. dash conflict.
Please pay attention to these guys because this is so important.
You have to just open this up and you have to hit chord.
OK.
And unplugging the code added You have to just click edit right now so it's just going to open up a
new window that will show up here and here it says the database name here it says the user name.
And here take the password.
Here it says to localhost and here it takes everything.
So what I have to do I have to just skim here and my database name is basically just one.
This is my database name.
I'm going to copy this.
I'm going to come here in the file manager.
This file is W.P. dash config and I'm going to paste this database name.
OK.
So this is right here.
Now here I have to enter the user name.
So my user name was tansy let's just come here and here is the user name basically So I'm just going
to go down and I'm going to copy the user name OK.
Let's just get copy and let's come here to the file manager and let's paste it.
You can see that user name is also here.
And now what we have to do is that we have to enter the password.
So this is the password that we created when we were just basically creating this user name didn't we
use what we use the password generator.
So we copied this password here in a new app I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to copy this and I'm going to come here to this one and I have to paste it here so you can
see that password is already here.
And we have the hostname so you have to leave this localhost as it is.
Guys OK.
And now what we have to do is that we have to just go ahead and we have to hit save changes.
So you can see it's a success.
And now if you just come here and we will just hit you will see that this will not work but this error
establishing a database connection will be gone.
So this means that we have successfully assigned the database user to our website and database is totally
up and running.
We have to make some changes that we will be doing in the next video.
So let's just come here and let's just refresh
make sure that you come here and you just save the changes so that it should work OK.
So you can see that it is not giving an error rate now now
let's save the changes I hope the changes has been saved.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit close and let's get to here and let's just reload this so
you can see that everything is working.
Now what we have to do is that we have to just skim here to W.P. underscore users.
OK.
And then we have to come here and here it is.
No no no no no.
We have to go to W.P. underscore options.
So here is the site you what it is.
I basically have to change this.
What I'm going to do I'm just going to double click here and here it is I'm going to copy my site.
You are well from here.
Let's just copy and let's come here and let's paste it.
I don't know why the database is not still created.
Let's come here to the Lupi dash conflict ph.
B It is still giving the error.
Let's just say code added And let's see if the database is already assigned to it.
This is the database name that has the user name.
This is the password.
And then this is the localhost.
Everything is totally up and running.
OK let's come here and let's add the same exact thing to here as well.
So I'm just going to come here and I'm going to paste the exact word Al here.
That's all.
You just have to do this.
And he can see that on just free freshening this it should work.
If it doesn't work then we have to change the browser guys because there might be some caching issues
that is doing this.
OK let's just come here and let's open our website here into the Internet Explorer's.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to page that you are L..
Alex refresh OK.
I don't know why it is taking some time now.
It is taking a lot of time.
Let's just open up the Firefox Internet is already slow.
You guys know that.
Let's paste link.
OK.
This is still saying that after establishing a database connection it is giving the error because the
database is still not created.
We have to just skim here and we have to hit code at it.
So I hope everything is working totally Mallet's see database password database user name database name
and the localhost OK guys let's just come here and let's change the password.
I think the password is doing some problems.
I'm going to come here I'm going to change password and let's change the password to anything else so
I'm going to enter a different password.
Let's just add Q W E R.
One 1 Three 3.
Q Where do you 1 2 3 exclamation mark
exclamation mark.
Should save changes so you can see that I have successfully changed the user password.
I'm going to come here and let's just come here and change the config file.
So I'm going to add this q w e r t VI.
One two three exclamation mark.
OK.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to say genius So this is my database password.
And now let's come here.
Alatri fresher of say to see if it is running or not.
OK.
This is now running OK.
I basically got the same thing.
This was the password issue I think.
I think we cheat it to be.
Choose the wrong password or we just entered the wrong password.
That is how it is working.
But you can see that it is totally up and running.
And this is the exact thing that is coming from here to the local host.
If you just go to localhost slash W.P. then you can see this is the same.
And this is also the same.
So if I just open up the IF I JUST WANT TO GO TO THE LOG IN credentials of a WPA admin then you can
see that on clicking this I can log into my website using the same username and the same password.
OK.
Luggin so you can see this is all running.
You can see everything is totally up and running.
I'll make sure guys make sure the guy has to go to the Lupi underscore options and change the you are
l from here and here as well.
And then your website will be totally up and running.
So make sure to just implement this and then your website will be totally up and running so you can
see everything is totally cool.
Everything is running.
And this is our data this is our whole WordPress that's has been migrated from local server to an online
server.
So say you guys and I hope that you understand everything.
If there are still some confusions you can ask me and you to me forums or you can just relaunch this
whole video.
I know it is so confusing when we are doing it for the first time but when we do it and when we constantly
do it we just are used to it.
So they can see that it is totally up and running.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this and I hope that you like this course.
Tuned guys and babai.